healthy life and care for the environment
environment to get these two funky
paper goals and letting
students who with good will and focus are
possible to change the way of life to school
state teacher therezinha sartori
that there was an order in 2010 that the whole
process of food production is
sustainable
in the space the students of all the series
put into practice the concepts
learned in the classroom and it takes
taking into account social and environmental
economic
the sustainable garden project has as
objective of sustainability actions since
the preparation of the beds until the
preparation of these foods in the kitchen
schoolyard composting
start all the stages of our project
from composting we will get
This best quality to the earth catches
all these seedlings from the cement factory and
do the planting now I'll have the
care with the garden watering and cleaning
they receive the guidelines of the techniques
for harvesting
I'll take you to the
interdisciplinary work
teachers began to develop
diversified activities with the aim of
to promote student reflection and a
participation as volunteers
Portuguese where we do newsrooms
about what we experienced in the garden
on the day we went
in the discipline of geography we only 1
on the ground the stones and also the river already
in mathematics discipline
we learned how to calculate the footage of
flower beds
practice was so incorporated that many
young people took the idea of
sustainable development for their home
we can take this home making
routes the house consume what we
we design ourselves as well as being
socially just and environmentally
correct is economically viable because
contributes to the formation of individuals
aware of this cause damage observe the
students' behavior change them
have been able to understand the importance
volunteer and make a difference in
make the world better
today we can say that the sartori we have
true citizens are seeking to do
the difference for the construction of a
better world
It's better that we can only perform
work for our good and not
We receive anything in return for the one
we received the victory of seeing everyone
feeding with the duty that
we always use always